#labels Phase-Requirements
=Project Requirements=

== Integrative Graphology ==

This is the approach of analyzing handwriting, starting at the microscopic level, and ending at the macroscopic level.

=== The Easy Part ===

The starting point is merging the following worksheets into one:
  *  The IGAS Green Sheet;
  *  The IGA Yellow Sheet;
  *  The IHU Worksheet;

This will enable one to obtain the raw scores for ''primary traits''.

As a side effect, one will be able to construct their own "trait norms", by aggregating the data from as many analyzed reports as one has done, and desires to include.

=== The Hard Part ===

The hardest part of Integrative Graphology evaluation, is determining the presence, and strength of the evaluated traits.  The traits that are brought forth, as a result of the interaction of the ''primary traits''.

An expert system will be written, to construct the fuzzy logic AI needed for determing the presence and strength of the ''evaluated traits''.  The initial raw data for the expert system will be from data mining courses, and primary textbooks that cover integrative graphology.

=== The Very Hard Part ===

The most ambitious proposal is a tool that reads an image, then constructs the following reports:
  * Basic Scores for each known system of Integrative Graphology;
  * Raw scores for each known system of Holistic Graphology;
  * Physical measurements for each of the 1,500 physically measurable data points of a trizonal letter;

== Holistic Graphology ==

This is the approach to analyzing handwriting, that starts at the macroscopic level, and ends with the microscopic level.

=== The Easy Part ===

The simple part is construction of the various worksheets:
  * ''The Wittlich Character Diagram'';
  * ''The Psychogram'';
  * ''The Psychograph'';
  * ''The Personal Worth Chart'';
  * ''The Muller Enskat Protokol'';

An expert system will be written, to convert the physically measurable scores to the format used by each of those systems of handwriting analysis.  As a side effect, this expert system will also be able to "translate" raw scores from one system, into raw scores for a different system of handwriting analysis.

=== The Hard Part ===

Reducing all of the scores that are obtained, to a single score used by a specific system, will require the inclusion of a fuzzy logic sub-system.  This will need to be written.   It may require original research. 

== Forensic Document Examination ==

Whilst this project is not focused on forensic document examination, some tools may help the professional forensic document examiner:
*Transferring data from electronic digital calipers to a worksheet;
*"Reading" a document and providing a comprehensive statistical analysis of the glyphs in the document.